## BitShuffle
The `BitShuffle` class provides a method for shuffling bits in integers by combining the functionalities of the `BitPermutation` and `BitInversion` classes. The shuffling operation is performed by first applying a permutation to rearrange the bits, followed by an inversion to flip some of them.

### Constructors
#### \_\_init__
```python
__init__(self, 
         permutation: BitPermutation | None = None,
         inversion: BitInversion | None = None,
         )
```
Initializes a `BitShuffle` object with a specified permutation and inversion. If no permutation or inversion is provided, the identity permutation and inversion are used.

#### generate_random
```python
BitShuffle.generate_random(length: int)
```
Generates a random shuffle of a specified length.

#### from_tuple
```python
BitShuffle.from_tuple(cls, data: tuple[int, ...])
```
Creates a shuffle from a tuple of integers, where the tuple represents a shuffle generated by the [`as_tuple()`](#as_tuple) method. 

#### unpack
```python
BitShuffle.unpack(number: int)
```
Restores the shuffle from a packed integer, which should be obtained using the [`pack()`](#pack) method.

### Properties
#### len
Returns the length of the shuffle in bits.

#### permutation
```python
@property
permutation() -> BitPermutation
```
Returns the permutation used in the shuffle.

#### inversion
```python
@property
inversion() -> BitInversion
```
Returns the inversion used in the shuffle.

#### is_identity
```python
is_identity() -> bool
```
Checks if the shuffle is the identity transformation, meaning no bits are moved or inverted.

### Transformations
#### shuffle
```python
shuffle(x: int) -> int
```
Applies the permutation and bit inversion to the input integer `x` and returns the result. 

#### unshuffle
```python
unshuffle(x: int) -> int
```
Applies the inverse permutation and bit inversion to the input integer `x`, returning the original value.

### Representations
#### as_tuple
```python
as_tuple() -> tuple[int, ...]
```
Returns the shuffle as a tuple of integers.

#### pack
```python
pack() -> int
```
Packs the shuffle into a single integer. The packed integer can be used to restore the shuffle later using the `unpack` method.

**Caution**: the resulting integer can be very large.

### Examples
Create a random shuffle and apply it to a set of numbers:
```python
bs = BitShuffle.generate_random(16)
assert len(bs.permutation) == 16
assert len(bs.inversion) == 16
assert len(bs) == 16

for x in (-123, -1, 0, 1, 123, 2009, 314159265358979323846):
    y = bs.shuffle(x)
    z = bs.unshuffle(y)
    assert z == x

packed = bs.pack()
print(packed)  # e.g., 2457135333419351350929424
recovered = BitShuffle.unpack(packed)
assert recovered == bs
```
